Oh, KKC? Oh, we're talking about KKC now? Okay.
Oh wait, I had something to say but then I forgot.
um okay wait
It'll come to me.
huhh Christ(****)
um DOA yeah
I show up I know i will see i wil see
I haven't, I've only drafted so far.
DOC but I don't have a sense on DOC at all.
They might tie it up for a chance.
Oh, whoopsies. umm
no Why would I do robotics to identify all you idiots?
That's not gonna happen. Is it?
I feel like it's only going to be a single president next year
You could.
Oh yeah.
yeah thats true I feel like the thing with robotics is that they literally like
They're so bad at nurturing. What is this?
Like they have their priorities completely offset.
yeah
It wasn't always like that, huh? It wasn't always like that though
Like last year.
Oh yeah.
yeah That's true thats true
um How about that new program starting up, the ED?
for real?
Oh, okay. That's fair, that's fair.
i see i see i see
Wait, so have I started? Because sign-ups are open, isn't it?
yeah the thing is like (**) or like the the previous
like imagery stuff
or whatever the program name is called. yeah.
Like, they always say, oh, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do that, but then, like, nothing happened
Especially like postseason
Yeah.
So our other topic is KKCU.
Um...
What's for next year, dude? It's too late.  No.
yeah
If there is and I'll do it so it's like if not, oh well,like
You know, YOLO or whatever. Oh, YOLO as in you only live once.
just for clarification huh?
okay um
soo ayy so i  mean..
about your favorite thing about being co-taiko head.
Kai's really good. Bro, you should step up.
You should step up.
Oh yeah, is senioritis hitting hard?
(***)
Yeah.
yeah